Improve reusability of --dump-inputs output (#6812)
verilator/verilator: docs/guide/extensions.rst

   (if appropriate :vlopt:`--coverage` flags are passed) after being
   disabled earlier with :option:`/*verilator&32;coverage_off*/`.

.. option:: /*verilator&32;fargs <arguments>*/

   For Verilator developers only. When a source file containing :option:`fargs`
   metacomments is passed to verilator on the command line via the :option:`-f`
   or :option:`-F` option, the provided arguments will be added as if specified
   on the command line. The source file is not preprocessed before parsing for

>    arguments, and all :optino:`fargs` comment will take effect, even if placed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   metacomments is passed to Verilator on the command line via the :option:`-f`
   or :option:`-F` option, the provided arguments will be added as if specified
   on the command line. The source file is not preprocessed before parsing for
   arguments, and all :option:`fargs` comment will take effect, even if placed
```
